General terms of use
Among Us Mod Challenger.

• Article 1 - Introduction:

1.1 These TOS or General Conditions of Use provide a legal framework for the use of the services offered by the Oriana Brand Registered with the INPI: Numbered 4855518 and filed/registered on 03/24/2022 affiliated with the company Oriana Informatique registered RCS 903 454 122, whose registered office is located at 1 rue du général largeau, 79000 NIORT in Metropolitan France. the project team is referred to as “OrianaGames”.
1.2 OrianaGames reserves the right to modify these T&Cs if necessary, each modification must be notified to users.



• Article 2 - Acceptance of the general conditions of use:

2.1 - (Commitment) By accessing/using the Services, the user undertakes to accept these T&Cs without reservation.
2.2 - (Account) Certain Services have become mandatory registration, materialized by a registration form (see 3.5 - Goodloss Service / User Account) and Specific Conditions of Use. These must also be accepted by the User so that he can benefit from the services concerned.



• Article 3 - Access to and use of services: 

3.1 - (Access) Users have access to the Mod Challenger and all of its playable content for free from anywhere by any user with Internet access, However an obligation to purchase the Game Among Us by the The intermediary of the STEAM platform is mandatory. The paid services offered by OrianaGames for the Mod Challenger are exclusively "Cosmetic", for any refund request the refund policy of STEAM applies. In-game microtransactions are not managed by OrianaGames but by Innersloth, for more information about them please refer to the Among Us store page.
3.2 - (Server) A game server is made available to players (EU Challenger) this server is automatically selected, we remind you that it is not authorized to play AmongUs Challenger on the official servers belonging to Innersloth.
3.3 - (Commitment) Users agree to respect the following conditions:
- do not use third-party programs, for exceptions (See Appendix 1 - authorized third-party software and mods).
- do not use several accounts simultaneously.
- do not cheat
- not to exploit a bug/flaw.
- do not modify the game client, nor the Mod files
- do not use other Mods not approved by OrianaGames with Challenger.
3.4 - (Reporting) Users undertake to report any malfunction that could harm the gaming experience and not to seek to take advantage of it. Users can report a bug by contacting an administrator (Appendix 2- Reporting & Support )
3.5 - (Goodloss Service / User Account) Users must link their STEAM account to the Goodloss services on (http://goodloss.fr) to access the classified game. The Rules of Use mentioned above (5.3 - Commitment) apply to the classified game, in the event of breach of these, the administrators of Goodloss as well as the OrianaGames team may modify/delete an account without warning or notice.



• Article 4 - Provisions relating to the use of services and External Content: 

4.1 (Available content) External services / content such as “Impostor Server & Submerged (By Submerged-Team - 5Up)” are not subject to the present CGU, their availability and uses depend on the conditions presented by their administrators, 
4.2 (Deletion) External services can be removed from the Mod Challenger at any time at the request of their creator, OrianaGames undertakes to make the necessary changes as soon as possible.



• Article 5 - Liability:

5.1 - (Quality) OrianaGames puts in place the means to ensure quality services, however it cannot be held responsible for any unavailability, failure, error/bugs when using the services.
5.2 - (Accessibility) OrianaGames cannot guarantee the continuity, accessibility and absolute security of the Service, given the risks associated with the laws and the use of internet services, moreover its free sharing depends on the policy of the company. Innersloth LLC (see Section 6) and its policies regarding the use of its game and “Mods”.
5.3 - (Users) OrianaGames cannot be held responsible for relations between users of the service, partners and advertisers.
5.4 - (Modification) OrianaGames reserves the right to modify, delete or neutralize all or part of the Services offered at any time and without having to justify it.



• Article 6 - Policy & Intellectual Property: 

6.1 - (Innersloth) Among Us Challenger is not affiliated with Among Us or Innersloth LLC, and the content it contains is not endorsed or sponsored by Innersloth LLC. Portions of the components contained in this Mod are the property of Innersloth LLC. © Innersloth LLC.
6.2 - (Oriana) Editing and development of the mod are provided by the Oriana Brand, several parts of the source code of this Mod are subject to copyright, any reproduction or misuse without the prior consent of these owners is prohibited. The protected content belongs to the Oriana brand (see Annex 3 - Copyright). Part of the source code used comes from Opensource content under public license ((See the GitHub page for more information: https://github.com/Lunastellia/Challenger-Among-Us).


• Appendix 1 - Authorized Third Party Software & Mods: 

The following Mods & Software can be used with the Challenger Mod:
AutomuteUs (discord bot & Executable),
The proximity cat,
Submerged (included).

If you wish to submit your Program/Mod please contact the administrators (Appendix 2).



• Annex 2 - Reporting / Support:

For any request for assistance, bug report, complaint or other requests concerning the Mod challenger, users are invited to use the discord platform and join the dedicated server:
- https://OrianaGames.com/challenger/discord
- Or send an email to: “Support@OrianaGames.com”
For requests concerning ModManager: (https://goodloss.fr/discord)
For any request Concerning Goodloss A Support section is available on http://Goodloss.fr.



• Appendix 3 - Copyright: 

The contents subject to copyright are as follows:
The intro music (ChallengerMod BGM - https://youtu.be/c71tRv2l5w8) Composed by Noé Guitton (https://www.youtube.com/c/No%C3%A9Guiton), the commercial rights are transferred to the Oriana brand. (1)
The Login (Buttons & Animations) (1)
Skins Customiser, Hats, Visor, Nameplates & Mapskins (1) - The author of the content, (see in game) has similar rights over his work (3).
Map Challenger Polus (1)
Map Challenger Mirah (1)
Map Challenger Skeld (1)
The Map & Mod Polus Nuclear Alert (1)
Usage time (admin/cam/vitals…) (1)
Ranked Game (1)
Ranked Interface and Normal/Ranked Game Preset Buttons (1)
TimeLord Role (2)
Hunter Role (2)
Spirit Role (2)
Mystic Role (2)
CopyCat Role (2)
Teammate Role (2)
Sentinel Role (2)
Doctor Role (2)
Slave role (2)
Sorcerer Role (2)
Assassin Role (2)
Reaper Role (2)
Basilisk role (2)
Mercenary Role (2)
Revenger Role  (2)
Rôle Leader/Chef (2)
Rôle Angel/Ange (2)


(1) Concept and source code under copyright, any use or reproduction without prior agreement is prohibited.
(2) Concept and Source Code under copyright, The use of these is authorized provided that the author is cited: “Lunastellia” and the Mod Name “Mod Challenger”.
(3) Authorizations may be issued by a third party.
